DOC-2428-Add Read-Only Access Permission to Logs (#67)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/admin-portal/pages/monitoring/log-viewer.adoc

image:log-search-panel.png[image]

> If your browser window is narrow, the search panel collapsed. Click the image:search-btn.png[image] button to open it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your browser window is narrow, the search panel collapses. Click the image:search-btn.png[image] button to open it.
```

Clicking on a single search result will show the log content in the display panel and highlight the matching log line.

image:line-highlight-log (1).png[image]

== Read-Only Access to Logs

> To streamline the debugging and optimization process, *read-only access to logs* has been introduced for application developers. This feature allows developers to independently view and monitor logs through *GraphStudio* or the *TigerGraph Cloud Portal* without requiring sysadmin intervention.

Reviewer: "has been introduced": when?  Remember that we have a standard sentence structure for talking about "new" features: "As of X.X, users other than `admin` users can be granted the privilege to read logs."

"independently" : independent from what? Does this word add anything to the sentence? If I remove it, the sentence still seems to say all that is important.

"sysadmin": This is a slang abbreviation. Do not use it. Use the full phrase.

=== Privileges

==== APP_ACCESS_LOG Privilege
The `APP_ACCESS_LOG` privilege provides *global access* to logs for authorized users.

> * *Scope:* Global

Reviewer: How come this privilege has these 3 bullet items (scope, default roles and purpose), but the next one doesn't?

Let's think about describing *privileges* the same way throughout the entire spec.  Other privileges are summarized in this table: https://docs.tigergraph.com/tigergraph-server/4.1/user-access/rbac-row-policy/row-policy-privileges-table (I think the table isn't yet perfect, but at least it's consistent).

* *Default Roles:* Assigned to `superuser` and `globaldesigner` roles by default.
* *Purpose:* Grants access to view logs across all environments (on-prem and cloud).

==== READ_LOG Privilege

> The `READ_LOG` privilege ensures *read-only access* to logs, preventing modifications while enabling secure monitoring and debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `READ_LOG` privilege grants *read-only access* to logs, preventing modifications while enabling monitoring and debugging.
```
"Ensures": "grant" is the standard verb for privilege.  "Ensures" emphasizes "guarantees". That is, if you didn't ensure, than this thing might or might not happen. It introduces the idea of uncertainty, but uncertainty is not relevant to this discussion.

"Secure" : how?
I feel this sentence, and other parts of this proposal, are influenced by marketing (saying things that sound impressive) and not focusing on the facts.  If a feature is inherently beneficial, then (1) just say what is done, in comparison to other features or if you didn't hvae it, and (2) then explain it's benefits.

 Marketing writing jumps to the benefits (some of which are exaggerated) without a clear explanation of what the feature does or now it works.

=== Access Points

Users with the appropriate privileges can access logs through *GraphStudio* or the *TigerGraph Cloud Portal*:
1. *Log Viewing:* Access real-time updates for GSQL query logs and system logs.
2. *Search Capabilities:* Use the search panel to filter logs by patterns, nodes, and components.
3. *Download Options:* Download logs for offline analysis if needed.

[NOTE]
====

> * These tools are designed to provide developers with the ability to debug, optimize queries, and monitor system health independently, reducing dependency on sysadmins.

Reviewer: Don't use slang "sysadmin".
